added definitions (#1176)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-a-search-attribute.md

A Temporal Cluster that is integrated with Elasticsearch has a set of default Search Attributes already available.
These Search Attributes are created when the initial index is created.

| NAME                  | TYPE     | DEFINITION                                                |
| --------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |

> | BatcherNamespace      | Keyword  | Batcher namespace.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BatcherNamespace      | Keyword  | Batcher Namespace.                                        |
```

> | NAME                  | TYPE     | DEFINITION                                                |
> | --------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
> | BatcherNamespace      | Keyword  | Batcher Namespace.                                        |
> | BatcherUser           | Keyword  | Batcher username.                                         |
> | BinaryChecksums       | Keyword  | Binary Id of a given Worker.                              |
> | CloseTime             | Datetime | The time at which the Workflow Execution closes.          |
> | ExecutionDuration     | Int      | The time needed to run the Workflow Execution.            |
> | ExecutionStatus       | Keyword  | The current state of the Execution.                       |
> | ExecutionTime         | Datetime | The time spent running the Execution.                     |
> | HistoryLength         | Int      | Length of the History Host.                               |
> | RunId                 | Keyword  | Identifies the current Run.                               |
> | StartTime             | Datetime | The time at which the Workflow Execution began running.   |
> | StateTransitionCount  | Int      | The number of times that a stage transition has occurred. |
> | TaskQueue             | Keyword  | Task Queue in use.                                        |
> | TemporalChangeVersion | Keyword  | Current version of Temporal.                              |
> | WorkflowId            | Keyword  | Identifies the Workflow.                                  |
> | WorkflowType          | Keyword  | The type of Workflow currently running.                   |

Reviewer 2: Let's order it not alphabetically but in order of usefulness.

```suggestion
| NAME                  | TYPE     | DEFINITION                                                |
| --------------------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| WorkflowType          | Keyword  | The type of Workflow.                   |
| WorkflowId            | Keyword  | Identifies the Workflow Execution.                                  |
| ExecutionStatus       | Keyword  | The current state of the Workflow Execution.                       |
| StartTime             | Datetime | The time at which the Workflow Execution started.   |
| CloseTime             | Datetime | The time at which the Workflow Execution completed.          |
| ExecutionTime         | Datetime | Same as StartTime for the most cases but different for cron Workflows and retried Workflows. For them it is the time at which the Workflow Execution actually begin running.                     |
| RunId                 | Keyword  | Identifies the current Workflow Execution Run.                               |
| ExecutionDuration     | Int      | The time needed to run the Workflow Execution. Available only for closed Workflows.            |
| HistoryLength         | Int      | The number of events in the history of Workflow Execution. Available only for closed Workflows.                               |
| StateTransitionCount  | Int      | The number of times that Workflow Execution has persisted its state. Available only for closed Workflows. |
| TaskQueue             | Keyword  | Task Queue used by Workflow Execution.                                        |
| TemporalChangeVersion | Keyword  | If workflow versioning is enabled, list of change/version pairs will be stored here.|
| BinaryChecksums       | Keyword  | List of binary Ids of Workers that run the Workflow Execution.                              |
| BatcherNamespace      | Keyword  | Used by internal batcher to indicate the Namespace where batch operation was applied to.                                        |
| BatcherUser           | Keyword  | Used by internal batcher to indicate the user who started the batch operation.                                         |
```
